GPL-857 (#260)
sanger/crawler: README.md

The process should not duplicate rows that are already present in MLWH, so you can be generous with your timestamp
range.

### Priority Samples

#### Glossary:
- **Priority**: samples in the priority collection
- **Important**: refers to samples that have must_sequence or preferentially_sequence to True

> - **Important** or Positive: refers to samples that have a Positive Result of are Important

Author: test single comment

- **Pickable**: samples that have Filtered Positive Result or are Important

> 

Author: Check README, add Step 2 description and remove important

Reviewer: Added more comments to the README describing step 2.

The process should not duplicate rows that are already present in MLWH, so you can be generous with your timestamp
range.

### Priority Samples
If a sample is prioritised it will be treated the same as a fit_to_pick sample.

#### Glossary:
- **Important**: refers to samples that have must_sequence or preferentially_sequence to True

> - **Important Or Positive**: refers to samples that have a _Positive_ Result of are Important

Reviewer: Yes, we'll add that only to positive

- **Pickable**: samples that have _Filtered Positive_ Result or are Important

#### Step 2 (in main.py):

> After the file centres processing, any existing

Reviewer: Ok, adding a better description

The process should not duplicate rows that are already present in MLWH, so you can be generous with your timestamp
range.

## Priority Samples

### Glossary:
- **Important**: refers to samples that have must_sequence or preferentially_sequence set to True
- **Positive**: refers to samples that have a _Positive_ Result
- **Pickable**: samples that have _Filtered Positive_ set to True **or** are Important in a plate with state 'pending'

If a sample is prioritised it will be treated the same as a fit_to_pick sample.

During the prioritisation run (after the file centres processing), any existing priority samples flagged as unprocessed will be:
   - Updated in MLWH lighthouse_sample with the values of the priority (must_sequence and preferentially_sequence) added to it
   - Inserted in DART as pickable if the plate is in state 'pending'
   - Updated as 'processed' in mongo so it won't be processed again unless there is a change for it

This will be applied with the following set of rules:

>    - All records at mongodb from priority_samples where **processed** is true will be ignored

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - All records in mongodb from the priority_samples collection where **processed** is true will be ignored
```
